The prerequisites are similar to other courses I've produced here
regarding Spring and some of the other libraries surrounding it. We're
going to still be using the Java 11 LTS version.
Java 11 is the current version for long‑term support,
and after that we don't have guaranteed long‑term support.
So yes, Java 12,
13, and 14 have already been released, they're just not as stable as 11 is.
They work,
and in most cases all the examples we'll be doing should work there as well.
This is just the one that's guaranteed by them to continue working.
I'm assuming you already know how to install Java, so we
won't be covering that in this course.
I'm also going to use Maven in this course.
Spring no longer offers up a way to download just
the JARs that you use for Spring.
You have to use Maven or Gradle to download these dependencies.
There is a Pluralsight course on Maven that I've actually authored here
on Pluralsight. If you have more questions about that,
you can go follow that course and learn how to use all the ins and outs
of Maven, but it's pretty simple. If you aren't super familiar with it,
we'll show you everything you need to know inside of the course here.
The next thing you'll need is an IDE. This course has now been updated
to use IntelliJ.
We got feedback that the majority of our users wanted to
see and use the examples with IntelliJ, so we have changed the course to use it.
I will be using an Enterprise version of IntelliJ.
They do have a 30‑day trial, as well as Student licenses available.
If you do want to use Spring STS, which I do like as well,
I will try and answer any questions you might have on the
forum for this course. And then Tomcat, the app will run
under Spring Boot or Tomcat.
We're also going to use Docker to run the database,
but we have a whole section dedicated to just that.
So let's recap here.
We're going to use Java 11 because of its LTS support, we have moved
to IntelliJ, but all of the examples will work with Spring STS, and
just the most recent version of Maven,
as that's how Spring requires you to download those JARs anyway. Not
required, but I do recommend having complete the Maven Fundamentals, Spring
Fundamentals, and Spring MVC Fundamentals courses.
This course does build upon those, so it will answer a
lot of questions you might have. Let's look at how we download that source code now.